Work on main geopm web page (#2071)
geopm/geopm: service/README.rst

GEOPM Service
=============

Features
--------

Linux Integration
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
  Linux Systemd Service with vendor agnostic DBus interface for
  user-level access to hardware features on hetergenous systems

Hardware Telemetry
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
  Users read telemetry from hardware components on heterogeneous
  systems

Hardware Configuration
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
  Users make ephemeral configurations to hardware component device
  settings on heterogeneous systems

Quality of Service
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
  GEOPM Service reverts any changes made to hardware configurations

>   after the client's Linux process session ends

Reviewer: Do these two describe the same feature? If so, I think the second one is more specific and the first can be removed. If not, maybe add an example.

Author: These two are clearly related.  If the word ephemeral were removed from the sentence above, they would maybe be more clearly different?  The first feature is for users who want to modify hardware settings, the second feature is for system administrators who would prefer that the previous feature to doesn't cause QoS problems for other users.

Reviewer: Ah that makes sense. Yeah, maybe dropping the persistence note from the first one would help keep the focus on the configuration aspect of it.

Security
~~~~~~~~
  Linux system administrators manage fine-grained access permissions
  for capabilities exposed by the GEOPM Service

> Performance
> ~~~~~~~~~~~
>   Users may call a DBus interface to create a batch server which
>   provides a higher performance interface with a single permissions
>   validation when server is created

Reviewer: I think we can be more specific by specifying what we mean by performance.
```suggestion
Performance
~~~~~~~~~~~
  Users may call a DBus interface to create a batch server which
  provides a lower-latency interface with a single permissions
  validation when server is created
```

Extensibility
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
  Supports extensibility for heterogenous environments through C++
  plugin infrastructure (IOGroups).

Overview
--------

The GEOPM Service provides a user-level interface to read telemetry
and configure settings of heterogeneous hardware platforms. Linux
system administrators may manage permissions for user access to
telemetry and configuration at a fine granularity.

Clients use the GEOPM Service DBus interface to interact with the
service.  The GEOPM Service package provides access to the DBus
interfaces from the command line, or programatically with library
interfaces for C, C++ and Python.

> The service can support many simultaneous client sessions that make

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The service supports many simultaneous client sessions that make
```

measurements, but only clients from within one Linux process session
are granted write permission to configure hardware control values at
any time.  When a client process session is granted write access it
will retain that permission until the Linux session process leader of
that client process terminates.  When the process session leader

> terminates all hardware settings that are managed by the GEOPM Service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
terminates, all hardware settings that are managed by the GEOPM Service
```

are restored to the values they had prior to the first client write
request.  See `setsid(2) <https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man2/setsid.2.html>`_
manual for more information about the Linux session leader processs.

*

>   `Overview slides <https://geopm.github.io/pdf/geopm-service.pdf>`_

Reviewer: I think it was nice that the diagram used to be here, but maybe you removed it so that we don't have to worry about it being overly specific and going out of date over time. Maybe note that these slides include a diagram of the architecture at the time of initial design.

Author: I put it back.  A little overzealous with the chisel.

> 

Reviewer: Maybe specify what is meant by group (e.g., gid or group name).
